Movie Information

Movie Name: Alita: Battle Angel
Language: English (United States)
Length: 2h 2m
Year: 2019
Ratings: 7.3
Genre: Action|Adventure|Sci-fi
Synopsis: A deactivated cyborg's revived, but can't remember anything of her past and goes on a quest to find out who she is.
Director:  Robert Rodriguez
Robert Anthony Rodriguez was born and raised in San Antonio, Texas, USA, to Rebecca (Villegas), a nurse, and Cecilio G. Rodríguez, a salesman. His family is of Mexican descent.Of all the people to be amazed by the images of John Carpenter's 1981 sci-fi parable, Escape from New York (1981), none were as captivated as the 12-year-old Rodriguez, who sat with his friends in a crowded cinema. Many people watch films and arrogantly proclaim "I can do that." 

Producer:  Troublemaker Studios

Actors (actor, role/character):	 
Rosa Salazar as Alita
Rosa Bianca Salazar is an American born actress. She was born in Washington DC and later attended Eleanor Roosevelt High School in Greenbelt, Maryland. She is best known for her role in the NBC series Parenthood (2010) and the FX anthology series American Horror Story (2011). Her past films include Maze Runner: The Death Cure (2018) for Twentieth Century Fox, CHIPS (2017) for Warner Bros., Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials (2015) for Twentieth Century Fox, The Divergent Series: Insurgent (2015) for Summit, Search Party (2016) for Focus and Night Owls (2015) for Orion.

Christoph Waltz as Dr. Dyson Ido
Christoph Waltz is an Austrian-German actor. He is known for his work with American filmmaker Quentin Tarantino, receiving acclaim for portraying SS-Standartenführer Hans Landa in Inglourious Basterds (2009) and bounty hunter Dr. King Schultz in Django Unchained (2012). For each performance, he won an Academy Award, a BAFTA Award, and a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor. Additionally, he received the Best Actor Award at the Cannes Film Festival and a Screen Actors Guild Award for his portrayal of Landa.

Jennifer Connelly as Chiren
The late 1980s saw her starring in a hit and three lesser seen films. Amongst the latter was her roles in Ballet (1989), as a ballerina and in Some Girls (1988), where she played a self-absorbed college freshman. The hit was Labyrinth (1986), released in 1986. Jennifer got the job after a nationwide talent search for the lead in this fantasy directed by Jim Henson and produced by George Lucas. Her career entered in a calm phase after those films, until Dennis Hopper, who was impressed after having seen her in "Some Girls", cast Jennifer as an ingénue small-town girl in The Hot Spot (1990), based upon the 1950s crime novel "Hell Hath No Fury". It received mixed critical reviews, but it was not a box office success.



Movie Name: Spirited Away
Language: Japanese
Length: 2h 5m
Year: 2001
Ratings: 8.6
Genre: Animation|Adventure|Family
Synopsis: During her family's move to the suburbs, a sullen 10-year-old girl wanders into a world ruled by gods, witches and spirits, a world where humans are changed into beasts.

Director:  Hayao Miyazaki
Hayao Miyazaki is 1 of Japan's greatest animation directors. The entertaining plots, compelling characters & breathtaking animation in his films have earned him international renown from critics as well as public recognition within Japan

Producer:  Studio Ghibli
Actors (actor, role/character):
	 
Rumi Hiiragi as Chichiro
Rumi Hiiragi was born on 1 August 1987 in Tokyo, Japan. She is an actress, known for Spirited Away (2001), Ponyo (2008) and From Up on Poppy Hill (2011).

Miyu Irino as Haku
Miyu Irino was born on 19 February 1988 in Tokyo, Japan. He is an actor, known for Spirited Away (2001), The Garden of Words (2013) and A Silent Voice: The Movie (2016).

Mari Natsuki as Yubaba
Mari Natsuki was born on 2 May 1952 in Tokyo, Japan. She is an actress, known for Spirited Away (2001), Legend of the Eight Samurai (1983) and Isle of Dogs (2018). She has been married to Nobu Saito since May 2011.











Movie Name: Parasite
Language: Korean
Length: 2h 12m
Year: 2019
Ratings: 8.5
Genre: Drama|Thriller
Synopsis: Greed and class discrimination threaten the newly formed symbiotic relationship between the wealthy Park family and the destitute Kim clan.

Director: Bong Joon Ho
Bong Joon-ho is a South Korean filmmaker. The recipient of three Academy Awards, his filmography is characterized by emphasis on social themes, genre-mixing, black humor, and sudden tone shifts. He first became known to audiences and achieved a cult following with his directorial debut film, the black comedy Barking Dogs Never Bite (2000), before achieving both critical and commercial success with his subsequent films: the crime thriller Memories of Murder (2003), the monster film The Host (2006), the science fiction action film Snowpiercer (2013), and the black comedy thriller Parasite (2019), all of which are among the highest-grossing films in South Korea, with Parasite also being the highest-grossing South Korean film in history.

Producer:  Everett Barunson E&A
Actors (actor, role/character):
	 
Song Kang-ho as Ki Taek
Song Kang-ho never professionally trained as an actor, beginning his career in social theater groups after graduating from Kimhae High School. Later, he joined Kee Kuk-seo's influential theater company with its emphasis on instinctive acting and improvisation, which proved to be Song's training ground. Although regularly approached to act in films, he always turned down the opportunity until taking a role as an extra in Hong Sang-soo's The Day a Pig Fell Into the Well (1996).

Choi Woo-sik  as Ki Woo
Choi Woo-sik was born on 26 March 1990 in South Korea. He is an actor, known for Parasite (2019), Okja (2017) and Set Me Free (2014).

Park So Dam as Ki Jung
Park So-dam was born on 8 September 1991 in South Korea. She is an actress, known for Parasite (2019), The Priests (2015) and The Silenced (2015).



Movie Name: The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
Language: English (United States)
Length: 2h 10m
Year: 2013
Ratings: 5.8
Genre: Action|Adventure|Fantasy
Synopsis:When her mother disappears, Clary Fray learns that she descends from a line of warriors who protect our world from demons. She joins forces with others like her and heads into a dangerous alternate New York called the Shadow World.

Director: Harald Zwart
Harald Zwart was born in Leiden, Netherlands, and his family moved to Norway where he grew up. He made his first film when he was 8 years and was active with Super8 and stop motion animation for years. He was accepted into the highly acclaimed Dutch Film Academy in Amsterdam, NL, where he spent 4 years, specializing in Directing, Script and Editing. Harald's exam film "Garbriel's Surprise" (about a young man who was given a second chance by Gabriel to correct the wrong), was screened on all Scandinavian TV stations and Harald was quickly headhunted into doing commercials in Norway. He met his wife and partner Veslemoey Ruud Zwart and they've worked together since. She started managing his deals and started the company Zwart Arbeid A/S

Producer:   Screen Gems
Actors (actor, role/character):
	 
Lily Collins as Clary
Lily Jane Collins was born in Guildford, Surrey, England. Her father is English musician Phil Collins, while her mother, Jill Tavelman, who is from Los Angeles, California, was president of the Beverly Hills Women's Club for three terms. Lily moved with her mother to LA at the age of five, after her parents split up. She is of Russian Jewish (from her maternal grandfather), English, and German descent.

Jamie Campbell Bower as Jace
Jamie Campbell Bower was born in London, England, to Anne Elizabeth (Roseberry), a music manager, and David Bower, who works for Gibson Guitar Co. His 4 times maternal great-grandfather was Sir John Campbell, the 7th Baronet of Ardnamurchan and Airds.

Robert Sheehan(II) as Simon
Irish actor Robert Sheehan was born in Portlaoise, County Laois, the son of Joseph and Maria Sheehan. His father was a member of the Garda Síochána, the police force of the Republic of Ireland. As a child, Sheehan was interested in performing music. He learned how to play the banjo, the bodhrán, and the spoons. He took part in the Fleadh Cheoil, an Irish music competition for children and teenagers.


Movie Name:Howl's Moving Castle
Language: Japanese
Length: 1h 59m
Year: 2004
Ratings: 8.5
Genre: Animation|Adventure|Family
Synopsis:When an unconfident young woman is cursed with an old body by a spiteful witch, her only chance of breaking the spell lies with a self-indulgent yet insecure young wizard and his companions in his legged, walking castle.

Director:  Hayao Miyazaki
Hayao Miyazaki is 1 of Japan's greatest animation directors. The entertaining plots, compelling characters & breathtaking animation in his films have earned him international renown from critics as well as public recognition within Japan

Producer: Studio Ghibli
Actors (actor, role/character):
	 
Chieko Baishô as Sofî
Chieko Baishô was born on 29 June 1941 in Tokyo, Japan. She is an actress, known for Howl's Moving Castle (2004), Tora-san's Tropical Fever (1980) and Tora-san's Runaway (1970). She has been married to Reijirô Koroku since 1993. She was previously married to Mamoru Komiya.

Takuya Kimura as Hauru
Takuya Kimura was born on 13 November 1972 in Tokyo, Japan. He is an actor, known for 2046 (2004), Blade of the Immortal (2017) and Love and Honor (2006). He has been married to Shizuka Kudô since 2000. They have two children.

Tatsuya Gashûin as Karushifâ
Tatsuya Gashûin was born on December 10, 1950 in Tokyo, Japan as Akinosuke Sugano. He is an actor, known for the 2 Shimajiro films including Gekijouban Shimajirou no wao!: Shimajirou to kujira no uta (2014) as the voice puppet of Hermit Crab, Gekijouban Shimajirou no wao!: Shimajirou to ookina ki as the voice puppet of Froggie, he also voiced in Spirited Away (2001), Howl's Moving Castle (2004) and Kamen Rider W (2009).





Movie Name: Coco
Language: English (United States)
Length: 1h 45m
Year: 2017
Ratings: 8.4
Genre: Animation|Adventure|Drama
Synopsis: Aspiring musician Miguel, confronted with his family's ancestral ban on music, enters the Land of the Dead to find his great-great-grandfather, a legendary singer.

Director:  Lee Unkrich
Lee Unkrich is an Academy Award-winning director at Pixar Animation Studios. He most recently directed Disney.Pixar's critically-acclaimed "Coco", which received the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and Best Song.

Producer: Disney
Actors (actor, role/character):
	 

Anthony Gonzalez as Miguel
Anthony Gonzalez was born on 23 September 2004 in Los Angeles, California, USA. He is an actor, known for Coco (2017), Icebox (2018) and Far Cry 6 (2021).

Gael García Bernal as Héctor
Gael García Bernal was born in Guadalajara to Patricia Bernal, an actress/model & José Ángel García, an actor/director. His stepfather's cinematographer Sergio Yazbek. He began his acting career as a child, working w/ his parents in a variety of plays. At 14, he starred in a soap opera called El abuelo y yo (1992). He appeared in film school exercises and short films, including De tripas, corazón (1996), which was directed by Antonio Urrutia & nominated for an Academy Award for Best Short Film.

Benjamin Bratt as Ernesto de la Cruz
The middle of five children, Bratt hails from a close-knit family. His mother, an indigenous Quechua Peruvian from Lima, moved to the U.S. at age 14. He grew up in San Francisco. He is known for his roles in the films Traffic (2000), Miss Congeniality (2000), and Despicable Me 2 (2013). He is married to actress Talisa Soto.


Movie Name: Avatar
Language: English (United States)
Length: 2h 42m
Year: 2009
Ratings: 7.9
Genre: Action|Adventure|Fantasy
Synopsis: A paraplegic Marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission becomes torn between following his orders and protecting the world he feels is his home.

Director:  James Francis Cameron
James Francis Cameron was born on August 16, 1954 in Kapuskasing, Ontario, Canada. He moved to the United States in 1971. The son of an engineer, he majored in physics at California State University before switching to English, and eventually dropping out. He then drove a truck to support his screenwriting ambition. He landed his first professional film job as art director, miniature-set builder, and process-projection supervisor on Roger Corman's Battle Beyond the Stars (1980) and had his first experience as a director with a two week stint on Piranha II: The Spawning (1982) before being fired.

Producer:  Lightstorm Entertainment, 20th Century Studios, RatPac Entertainment, Ingenious Media
Actors (actor, role/character):
	 
Sam Worthington as Jake Sully
Samuel Henry John Worthington was born August 2, 1976 in Surrey, England. His parents, Jeanne (Martyn) and Ronald Worthington, a power plant employee, moved the family to Australia when he was six months old, and raised him and his sister Lucinda in Warnbro, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia.

Zoë Saldana as Neytiri
Zoe Saldana was born on June 19, 1978 in Passaic, New Jersey, to Asalia Nazario and Aridio Saldaña. Her father was Dominican and her mother is Puerto Rican. She was raised in Queens, New York. When she was 10 years old, she and her family moved to the Dominican Republic, where they would live for the next seven years. While living there, Zoe discovered a keen interest in performance dance and began her training at the prestigious ECOS Espacio de Danza Dance Academy where she learned ballet as well as other dance forms. Not only did her training provide an excellent outlet for the enthusiastic and energetic youngster, it would also prove to be a fortunate precursor for the start of her professional acting career. At age 17, Zoe and her family moved back to the United States where her love for dance followed and an interest in theater performance became stronger.

Sigourney Weaver as Dr. Grace Augustine
Sigourney Weaver has created a host of memorable characters, both dramatic and comic, ranging from Ripley in ALIEN to Dian Fossey in GORILLAS IN THE MIST to Gwen/Tawny in GALAXY QUEST and most recently, 14-year-old Kiri in AVATAR: THE WAY OF WATER. With a career spanning over 50 years, Weaver has captivated audiences and won acclaim as one of the most gifted and versatile actresses on stage and screen.


Movie Name:How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World
Language: English (United States)
Length: 1h 44m
Year: 2009
Ratings: 7.4
Genre: Animation|Action|Adventure
Synopsis: When Hiccup discovers Toothless isn't the only Night Fury, he must seek "The Hidden World", a secret Dragon Utopia before a hired tyrant named Grimmel finds it first.

Director:  Dean DeBlois
Dean DeBlois is a Canadian writer, director, and producer known best for having co-written and co-directed Disney's Lilo & Stitch (2002) and Dreamworks' How to Train Your Dragon (2010), both Oscar nominated. While working as an assistant animator and layout artist for Hinton Animation Studios in Ottawa, Ontario, DeBlois simultaneously attended Sheridan College's three year Classical Animation program. Upon graduation in 1990, DeBlois was immediately hired by Don Bluth Studios in Dublin, Ireland.

Producer:  DreamWorks Animation
Actors (actor, role/character):
	 
Jay Baruchel as Hiccup
Jay Baruchel was born in Ottawa, Ontario, and was raised in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. He is the son of Robyne (Ropell), a freelance writer, and Serge Victor Baruchel, an antiques dealer. He has a younger sister who also acts. He started acting in 1995 when he made his first of three appearances on the hit show Are You Afraid of the Dark? (1990). He was also in more localized shows such as My Hometown (1996) and Popular Mechanics for Kids (1997).

America Ferrera as Astrid
America Georgine Ferrera (born April 18, 1984) is an American actress. She is known for her leading role as Betty Suarez on the American Broadcasting Company's comedy-drama television series Ugly Betty (2006) . Her acting garnered critical acclaim, and she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Television Series Musical or Comedy, the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series, and the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series.

F. Murray Abraham as Grimmel
Academy Award-winning actor F. Murray Abraham was born on October 24, 1939 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and raised in El Paso, Texas. His father, Fred Abraham, was a Syrian (Antiochian Orthodox Christian) immigrant. His mother, Josephine (Stello) Abraham, was the daughter of Italian immigrants. Born with the first name "Murray", he added an "F." to distinguish his stage name.Primarily a stage actor, Abraham made his screen debut as an usher in George C. Scott's comedy They Might Be Giants (1971).


Movie Name: Insidious
Language: English (United States)
Length: 1h 43m
Year: 2010
Ratings: 6.8
Genre: Horror|Mystery|Thriller
Synopsis:A family looks to prevent evil spirits from trapping their comatose child in a realm called The Further.

Director: James Wan 
James Wan (born 26 February 1977) is an Australian film producer, screenwriter and film director of Malaysian Chinese descent. He is widely known for directing the horror film Saw (2004) and creating Billy the puppet. Wan has also directed Dead Silence (2007), Death Sentence (2007), Insidious (2010), The Conjuring (2013) and Furious 7 (2015).

Producer:  Blumhouse Productions
Actors (actor, role/character):
	 
Patrick Wilson as Josh Lambert
Wilson has a B.F.A. in Drama from Carnegie-Mellon University. His theater work has produced many nominations and awards. He was nominated for Best Actor in a Musical for The Full Monty, a Drama League Award for "Fascinating Rhythm", a Drama Drama League Award for "Bright Lights, Big City", an Encores nomination for "Tenderloin". He had national tours in "Carousel" (Drama Logue Award winner and L.A. Ovation nomination) and "Miss Saigon". Regionally, he has appeared in "Sweet Bird of Youth" (La Jolla), "Cider House Rules" (Mark Taper Forum), "Romeo and Juliet: The Musical" (Ordway), "Lucky in the Rain" (Goodspeed), "Harmony" (La Jolla), and "The Full Monty" (Globe).

Rose Byrne as Renai Lambert
Rose Byrne was born in Balmain, Sydney, Australia. She is the daughter of Jane, a primary school administrator, and Robin Byrne, a semi-retired statistician and market researcher.
She landed her first role in a movie, Dallas Doll (1994), when she was 15 years old.
Since then, Rose has appeared in a variety of Australian televisions shows including Heartbreak High (1994), Echo Point (1995), and the film Two Hands (1999) alongside Heath Ledger. After this, she appeared in various movies like The Date (1999), My Mother Frank (2000), and Clara Law's The Goddess of 1967 (2000) for which she obtained the Female Volpi Cup at the Venice Festival in 2000.

Ty Simpkins as Dalton Lambert
At his young age, Ty Simpkins has proudly accomplished more than most in the world of entertainment - he has starred in two of the biggest blockbusters of all time. Simpkins can be seen opposite Bryce Dallas Howard and Chris Pratt in Universal's dinosaur box office monster hit Jurassic World. Prior, he starred opposite Robert Downey Jr. in Disney/Marvel's Iron Man 3, which holds the record as the sixth highest grossing superhero film. Simpkins will reprise his role from that film in Avengers: Endgame.


Movie Name: Geostorm
Language: English (United States)
Length: 1h 49m
Year: 2017
Ratings: 5.3
Genre: Action|Sci-fi|Thriller
Synopsis:When the network of satellites designed to control the global climate starts to attack Earth, it's a race against the clock for its creator to uncover the real threat before a worldwide Geostorm wipes out everything and everyone.

Director: Dean Devlin
Dean Devlin has produced and co-written some of the most successful feature films of all time -- Independence Day, Stargate, and Godzilla -- which collectively grossed more than 1.4 billion dollars worldwide. In May of 2001, he founded Electric Entertainment, where he serves as chairman and CEO. The full-service film, television and worldwide sales and distribution company also houses Electric Post, a state-of-the-art digital effect and postproduction facility.

Producer:  Electric Entertainment, Warner Bros. Pictures, RatPac Entertainment, Skydance Media
Actors (actor, role/character):
	 
Gerard Butler as Jake Lawson
Gerard James Butler was born in Paisley, Scotland, to Margaret and Edward Butler, a bookmaker. His family is of Irish origin. Gerard spent some of his very early childhood in Montreal, Quebec, but was mostly raised, along with his older brother and sister, in his hometown of Paisley. His parents divorced when he was a child, and he and his siblings were raised primarily by their mother, who later remarried. He had no contact with his father between the ages of two and 16 years old, after which time they became close. 

Jim Sturgess as Max Lawson
Jim was born in London, the son of Jane O. (Martin) and Peter J. S. Sturgess. He was raised in Surrey. First and foremost his interest was music. However, he began to develop a secret passion for acting, at age 8, when he auditioned for local theatre to get out of class. Whilst music appeared cool, he felt being in school plays wasn't. So he stuck with small parts, despite a yearning to be in the lead role. At age 15, he joined a band and they began lying about their ages to play gigs in pubs.

Abbie Cornish as Sarah Wilson
Abbie Cornish, also known by her rap name Dusk, is an Australian actress and rapper. Following her lead performance in 2004's Somersault, Cornish is best-known for her film roles as the titular heroin addict in the drama Candy (2006), courtier Bess Throckmorton in the historical drama Elizabeth: The Golden Age (2007), Fanny Brawne in the John Keats biopic Bright Star (2009), "Sweet Pea" in the action film Sucker Punch (2011), Lindy in the science fiction thriller Limitless (2011) and for her work with writer/director Martin McDonagh in Seven Psychopaths (2012) and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri (2017).

Movie Name: Like Stars on Earth
Language: Indian Hindi
Length: 2h 45m
Year: 2007
Ratings: 8.3
Genre: Drama|Family
Synopsis:An eight-year-old boy is thought to be a lazy trouble-maker, until the new art teacher has the patience and compassion to discover the real problem behind his struggles in school.

Director: Aamir Khan(I)
Aamir Khan was born on March 14, 1965 in Mumbai. He is one of the most successful Indian Bollywood actors who is also known as "Mr. Perfectionist of Bollywood". With his recent successes in both the Indian and Chinese film markets, he has shouldered his way into becoming one of the world's biggest superstars. Undergoing rapid transformations in his body structure to better embody the variegated characters in his energetic films, Aamir has garnered praise from all parts of the globe. His most visible transformations can be seen in such movies as Lagaan (2001), Fanaa (2006), Taare Zameen Par (2007), Ghajini (2008), 3 idiots (2009), Talaash (2012), Dhoom 3 (2013), PK (2014), Dangal (2016) and Secret Superstar (2017). His recent successes with movies like Dangal, PK , Talaash and TV serial Satyamev Jayate have attracted attention from more serious moviegoing crowds. However, he is perhaps better known for his fabulous comedic roles, as exemplified by his iconic performances in cult comedies such as Andaz Apna Apna, Passion, and Dil Chahta Hai, to name a few. Aamir is also no slouch at TV commercial work.

Producer: Aamir Khan Productions
Actors (actor, role/character):
	 

Darsheel Safary as Ishaan
Born in the same city and on the same month as his family friend Aamir Khan, Darsheel Safary (born March 9, 1997 in Mumbai, India) is an Indian child movie actor primarily working on starring in Hindi Bollywood films. He is best known for his acclaimed portrayal of a dyslexic child in the 2007 film Taare Zameen Par (Like Stars on Earth), a drama film about a teacher, Ram Shankar Nikumbh (Aamir Khan) and a boy (Darsheel Safary) with learning disabilities share a special bond.

Aamir Khan(I)  as Nikumbh Sir
Aamir Khan was born on March 14, 1965 in Mumbai. He is one of the most successful Indian Bollywood actors who is also known as "Mr. Perfectionist of Bollywood". With his recent successes in both the Indian and Chinese film markets, he has shouldered his way into becoming one of the world's biggest superstars. Undergoing rapid transformations in his body structure to better embody the variegated characters in his energetic films, Aamir has garnered praise from all parts of the globe. 

Tanay Chheda as Rajan
Tanay Hemant Chheda is an Indian child actor. He is best known for his performances in the critically acclaimed films Taare Zameen Par (Like Stars on Earth) (2007) and Slumdog Millionaire (2008), with the latter earning him the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture and a nomination for Best Ensemble at the Black Reel Awards of 2008.

Movie Name: Bad Genius
Language: Thai
Length: 2h 10m
Year: 2017
Ratings: 7.6
Genre: Comedy|Crime|Drama
Synopsis:Lynn, a genius high school student who makes money by cheating tests, receives a new task that leads her to set foot on Sydney, Australia. In order to complete the millions-Baht task, Lynn and her classmates have to finish the international STIC(SAT) exam and deliver the answers back to her friends in Thailand before the exam takes place once again in her home country.

Director: Baz Poonpiriya
Baz Poonpiriya is known for Bad Genius (2017), Countdown (2012) and One for the Road (2021).

Producer: GDH 559
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Chutimon Chuengcharoensukying as Lynn
She was born on February 2, 1996 in Thailand. As a Thailand model in fashion industry, she played teenagers in two successful feature films in 2017. Such as Die Tomorrow (2017) and Bad Genius (2017). After celebration of mega hit box office records of Bad Genius (2017) in which she played the protagonist Lynn, Chutimon Chuengcharoensukying won Screen International Rising Star Asia at New York Asian Film Festival in 2017.

Chanon Santinatornkul as Bank
Chanon Santinatornkul is known for Bad Genius (2017), Wannabe and Bangkok Love Stories: Plead (2019).

Eisaya Hosuwan as Grace
Eisaya Hosuwan is known for Bad Genius (2017), Siam Square (2017) and The Murderer (2023).


Movie Name: Everything Everywhere All at Once 
Language: English(United States)
Length: 2h 19m
Year: 2022
Ratings: 7.6
Genre: Action|Adventure|Comedy
Synopsis:A middle-aged Chinese immigrant is swept up into an insane adventure in which she alone can save existence by exploring other universes and connecting with the lives she could have led.

Director: Daniel Kwan(IX)
Daniel Kwan with Daniel Scheinert, collectively known as Daniels, are a duo of film directors and writers. They began their career as directors of music videos, including the popular DJ Snake promotional for the single "Turn Down for What" (2013). They have since ventured into film, having written and directed the surreal comedy-drama Swiss Army Man (2016) and the science-fiction action comedy Everything Everywhere All at Once (2022), the latter became A24's highest-grossing film of all time.

Producer: IAC (company), AGBO, Ley Line Entertainment, Year of the Rat
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Michelle Yeoh as Evelyn Wang
Michelle Yeoh was born in Ipoh, Malaysia. She's the daughter of Janet Yeoh & Kian Teik Yeoh. She's of Hokkien descent, speaking English and Malay before Chinese. A ballet dancer since 4, she moved to London to study at the Royal Academy as a teen. After a brief dance career, she won the Miss Malaysia beauty pageant title in and the Miss Moomba beauty pageant title in Melbourne, Australia in the early 1980s. Her first on camera work was a 1984 commercial with martial arts star Jackie Chan. In 1985, she began making action movies with D&B Films of Hong Kong. She was first billed as Michelle Khan, then Michelle Yeoh. Never a trained martial artist, she relied on her dance discipline and on-set trainers to prepare for martial arts action scenes.

Stephanie Hsu as Joy Wang
Actress Stephanie Hsu (pronounced "Shoe") was born on November 25 in Los Angeles, California. She's known for her breakout performance as Joy/Jobu Tupaki in A24 & Daniels' "Everything Everywhere All at Once," as well as her work as Mei on Season 3 and 4 of "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel," Joy on Hulu's cult drama "The Path", and MTV's "Girl Code." She made her start in experimental, downtown theater in New York, which eventually led her to Broadway as Karen the Computer in "SpongeBob The Musical," and as Christine Canigula in the viral sensation "Be More Chill." She is a graduate of NYU Tisch School of the Arts, where she studied at the Atlantic Theater Company and the Experimental Theater Wing.

Ke Huy Quan as Waymond Wang
Ke Huy Quan, also known as Jonathan Ke Quan, is a Vietnamese born Chinese-American actor and stunt choreographer. Quan played Short Round in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom (1984) and Data in The Goonies (1985). In 1990 and 1991, he co-starred as Jasper Kwong in the sitcom Head of the Class over two seasons. Quan stopped acting due to a lack of opportunity in the late 1990s, when he received his film degree from USC School of Cinematic Arts. He went on to work as a stunt coordinator and assistant director. He returned to acting as Waymond Wang in the film Everything Everywhere All at Once (2022), a role for which he received critical acclaim, and which earned him an Academy Award for best supporting actor.



Movie Name: Crazy Rich Asians
Language: English(United States)
Length: 2h
Year: 2018
Ratings: 6.9
Genre: Comedy|Drama|Romance
Synopsis:This contemporary romantic comedy, based on a global bestseller, follows native New Yorker Rachel Chu to Singapore to meet her boyfriend's family.

Director: Jon M. Chu
Jon is an alumni of the USC School of Cinema-Television. There, he won the Princess Grace Award, the Dore Schary Award presented by the Anti-Defamation league, the Jack Nicholson directing award, and recognized as an honoree for the IFP/West program Project: Involve.After making his student short, "When the Kids Are Away", Jon was scooped up by the William Morris Agency and attached to several high profile projects.

Producer: Starlight Culture, SK Global, Color Force, Ivanhoe Pictures, Electric Somewhere
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Constance Wu as Rachel Chu
Constance Wu was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia. Her mother is a computer programmer and her father is a college professor. Both are immigrants from Taiwan. Constance grew up in Richmond performing in the local community theater scene. At 16, she moved to New York City to study at the famed Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute and she's been busy ever since. While in New York, she worked in classical theater and quickly transitioned to film work. She soon appeared in several Sundance Feature Films including Stephanie Daley (2006) and Year of the Fish (2007). In 2010, she moved to Los Angeles where her theater and film background helped land her a role in another Sundance Feature, Sound of My Voice (2011). In 2014, she was cast as Jessica Huang in the ABC comedy series Fresh Off the Boat (2015), which premiered in 2015. Based on Eddie Huang's memoir, it is set in the 1990s and revolves around a Taiwanese family that moves to suburban Orlando. Wu enjoys long-distance running, camping, piano, and reading. She lives in Silverlake, Los Angeles, with her pet rabbit, Lida Rose.

Henry Golding as Nick Young
Malaysian television host, actor and model Henry Ewan Golding was born in Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia, to Margaret Likan and Clive Golding. His father is English and his mother is Malaysian. His mother is from the Iban people, an Indigenous group in Sarawak, and Henry completed the bejalai, an Iban rite of passage, in the jungles of Borneo.


Michelle Yeoh as Eleanor Young
Michelle Yeoh was born in Ipoh, Malaysia. She's the daughter of Janet Yeoh & Kian Teik Yeoh. She's of Hokkien descent, speaking English and Malay before Chinese. A ballet dancer since 4, she moved to London to study at the Royal Academy as a teen. After a brief dance career, she won the Miss Malaysia beauty pageant title in and the Miss Moomba beauty pageant title in Melbourne, Australia in the early 1980s. Her first on camera work was a 1984 commercial with martial arts star Jackie Chan. In 1985, she began making action movies with D&B Films of Hong Kong. She was first billed as Michelle Khan, then Michelle Yeoh. Never a trained martial artist, she relied on her dance discipline and on-set trainers to prepare for martial arts action scenes.


Movie Name: Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
Language: English(United States)
Length: 2h 32m
Year: 2001
Ratings: 7.6
Genre: Adventure|Family|Fantasy
Synopsis:An orphaned boy enrolls in a school of wizardry, where he learns the truth about himself, his family and the terrible evil that haunts the magical world.

Director:  Chris Columbus(I)
Born in Pennsylvania and raised in Ohio, Chris Columbus was first inspired to make movies after seeing "The Godfather" at age 15. After enrolling at NYU film school, he sold his first screenplay (never produced) while a sophomore there. After graduation Columbus tried to sell his fourth script, "Gremlins", with no success, until Steven Spielberg optioned it; Columbus moved to Los Angeles for a year during rewrites on the project in Spielberg's bungalow at Universal. After writing two more scripts for Spielberg, "The Goonies" and "Young Sherlock Holmes", Columbus' own directing career was launched a few years later with "Adventures in Babysitting". He is best known to audiences as the director of the runaway hit "Home Alone", written and produced by John Hughes its sequel "Home Alone 2", and most recently "Mrs. Doubtfire".

Producer: Warner Bros.
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter
Daniel Jacob Radcliffe was born on July 23, 1989 in Fulham, London, England, to casting agent Marcia Gresham (née Jacobson) and literary agent Alan Radcliffe. His father is from a Northern Irish Protestant background, while his mother was born in South Africa, to a Jewish family (from Lithuania, Poland, Russia, and Germany). Daniel began performing in small school productions as a young boy. Soon enough, he landed a role in David Copperfield (1999), as the young David Copperfield. A couple of years later, he landed a role as Mark Pendel in The Tailor of Panama (2001), the son of Harry and Louisa Pendel (Geoffrey Rush and Jamie Lee Curtis). Curtis had indeed pointed out to Daniel's mother that he could be Harry Potter himself. Soon afterwards, Daniel was cast as Harry Potter by director, Chris Columbus in the film that hit theaters in November 16, 2001, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001). He was recognized worldwide after this film was released.

Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley
Rupert grew up in Hertfordshire, the English county directly to the north of London, conveniently placed for commuting to Leavesden Film Studios. Before successfully auditioning for the Harry Potter films, Rupert attended Richard Hale Secondary School in Hertford: here he took an active interest in school plays, being cast as Rumplestilskin in the Brothers Grimm fairy tales. He was also a regular attendee at weekend drama classes at Top Hat Stage School, also in Hertford.

Emma Watson as Hermoine Granger
Emma Charlotte Duerre Watson was born in Paris, France, to British parents, Jacqueline Luesby and Chris Watson, both lawyers. She moved to Oxfordshire when she was five, where she attended the Dragon School. From the age of six, Emma knew that she wanted to be an actress and, for a number of years, she trained at the Oxford branch of Stagecoach Theatre Arts, a part-time theatre school where she studied singing, dancing and acting. By the age of ten, she had performed and taken the lead in various Stagecoach productions and school plays.


Movie Name: Alice in Wonderland
Language: English(United States)
Length: 1h 48m
Year: 2010
Ratings: 6.4
Genre: Adventure|Family|Fantasy
Synopsis:Nineteen-year-old Alice returns to the magical world from her childhood adventure, where she reunites with her old friends and learns of her true destiny: to end the Red Queen's reign of terror.

Director:  Tim Burton(I)
Timothy Walter Burton was born in Burbank, California, to Jean Rae (Erickson), who owned a cat-themed gift shop, and William Reed Burton, who worked for the Burbank Park and Recreation Department. He spent most of his childhood as a recluse, drawing cartoons, and watching old movies (he was especially fond of films with Vincent Price). When he was in the ninth grade, his artistic talent was recognized by a local garbage company, when he won a prize for an anti-litter poster he designed. The company placed this poster on all of their garbage trucks for a year. After graduating from high school, he attended California Institute of the Arts. Like so many others who graduated from that school, Burton's first job was as an animator for Disney.

Producer: Walt Disney Pictures, The Zanuck Company, Roth/Kirschenbaum Films, Team Todd
Actors (actor, role/character):	 


Mia Wasikowska as Alice Kingsleigh
Mia is an Australian actress, born and raised in the country's capital, Canberra. She is the daughter of photographers Marzena Wasikowska and John Reid. Her mother is Polish and her father is an Australian of British ancestry. She has an older sister, Jess, and a younger brother, Kai. At age eight, her family moved to Poland for a year.

Johnny Depp as Mad Hatter
John Christopher "Johnny" Depp II was born on June 9, 1963 in Owensboro, Kentucky, to Betty Sue Palmer (née Wells), a waitress, and John Christopher Depp, a civil engineer. He was raised in Florida. He dropped out of school when he was 15, and fronted a series of music-garage bands, including one named 'The Kids'. When he married Lori A. Depp, he took a job as a ballpoint-pen salesman to support himself and his wife. A visit to Los Angeles, California, with his wife, however, happened to be a blessing in disguise, when he met up with actor Nicolas Cage, who advised him to turn to acting, which culminated in Depp's film debut in the low-budget horror film, A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984), where he played a teenager who falls prey to dream-stalking demon Freddy Krueger.

Helena Bonham Carter as Red Queen
Bonham Carter was born May 26, 1966 in Golders Green, London, England, the youngest of three children of Elena (née Propper de Callejón), a psychotherapist, and Raymond Bonham Carter, a merchant banker. Through her father, she is the great-granddaughter of former Prime Minister Herbert H. Asquith, and her blue-blooded family tree also contains Barons and Baronesses, diplomats, and a director, Bonham Carter's great-uncle Anthony Asquith, who made Pygmalion (1938) and The Importance of Being Earnest (1952), among others. Cousin Crispin Bonham-Carter is also an actor. Her maternal grandfather, Eduardo Propper de Callejón, was a Spanish diplomat who was awarded the honorific Righteous Among the Nations, by Israel, for helping save Jews during World War II (Eduardo's own father was a Czech Jew). Helena's maternal grandmother, Hélène Fould-Springer, was from an upper-class Jewish family from France, Austria, and Germany, and later converted to her husband's Catholic faith.


Movie Name: Red Notice
Language: English(United States)
Length: 1h 58m
Year: 2021
Ratings: 6.3
Genre: Action|Comedy|Thriller
Synopsis:An Interpol agent successfully tracks down the world's most wanted art thief with help from a rival thief. But nothing is as it seems as a series of double-crosses ensues.

Director: Rawson Marshall Thurber
Rawson Marshall Thurber was born on 9 February 1975 in San Francisco, California, USA. He is a director and producer, known for Red Notice (2021), Easy A (2010) and Skyscraper (2018). He is married to Sarah. They have three children.

Producer: Seven Bucks Productions, Beau Flynn, Bad Version, Inc.
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Dwayne Johnson as John Hartley
Dwayne Douglas Johnson, also known as The Rock, was born on May 2, 1972 in Hayward, California. He is the son of Ata Johnson (born Feagaimaleata Fitisemanu) and professional wrestler Rocky Johnson (born Wayde Douglas Bowles). His father, from Amherst, Nova Scotia, Canada, is black (of Black Nova Scotian descent), and his mother is of Samoan background (her own father was Peter Fanene Maivia, also a professional wrestler). While growing up, Dwayne traveled around a lot with his parents and watched his father perform in the ring. During his high school years, Dwayne began playing football and he soon received a full scholarship from the University of Miami, where he had tremendous success as a football player. In 1995, Dwayne suffered a back injury which cost him a place in the NFL. He then signed a three-year deal with the Canadian League but left after a year to pursue a career in wrestling.

Ryan Reynolds as Nolan Booth
Ryan Rodney Reynolds was born on October 23, 1976 in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, the youngest of four children. His father, James Chester Reynolds, was a food wholesaler, and his mother, Tamara Lee "Tammy" (Stewart), worked as a retail-store saleswoman. He has Irish and Scottish ancestry. Between 1991-93, Ryan appeared in Fifteen (1990), a Nickelodeon series taped in Florida with many other Canadian actors. After the series ended, he returned to Vancouver where he played in a series of forgettable television movies. He did small roles in Glenn Close's Serving in Silence: The Margarethe Cammermeyer Story (1995) and CBS's update of In Cold Blood (1996). However, his run of luck had led him to decide to quit acting.


Gal Gadot Carter as The Bishop
Gal began modeling in the late 2000s, and made her film debut in the fourth film of the Fast and Furious franchise, Fast & Furious (2009), where she appeared as Gisele Yashar; she repriced the role of Yashar in several subsequent installments of The Fast Saga. Gadot went on to achieve global stardom for her portrayal of Wonder Woman in the DC Extended Universe, including in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice (2016), Wonder Woman (2017) and Zack Snyder's Justice League (2021). She has since starred in the Netflix action-comedy film Red Notice (2021) and the mystery film Death on the Nile (2022).

Movie Name: Space Sweepers
Language: Korean
Length: 1h 58m
Year: 2021
Ratings: 6.5
Genre: Action|Adventure|Drama
Synopsis:Set in the year 2092 and follows the crew of a space junk collector ship called The Victory. When they discover a humanoid robot named Dorothy that's known to be a weapon of mass destruction, they get involved in a risky business deal.

Director: Sung-hee Jo(I)
Sung-hee Jo is known for Space Sweepers (2021), A Werewolf Boy (2012) and End of Animal (2010).

Producer:  Dexter Studios, Bidangil Pictures
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Song Joong-ki as Tae-ho
Song Joong Ki is an actor in the Republic of Korea. His debut was in the 2008 film 'A Frozen Flower'. He familiarized himself with the public through TV shows such as 'My Precious You (2008)', 'Triple (2009)', 'Will it snow for Christmas? (2009)', and 'Obstetrics and Gynecology Doctors (2010)'. At the same time, he displayed talent in diverse areas by starring in films such as 'Five Senses Of Eros (2009)', 'Where the Truth Lies (2009)', and 'Hearty Paws 2 (2010)', as well as broadcasting shows such as 'Music Bank (2009)' and 'Running Man (2010)'.

Kim Tae-ri as Captain Jang
Tae-ri Kim is a South Korean actress. Kim started her career appearing in theater productions and modeling in TV adverts. She made her feature film debut in Park Chan-wook's film The Handmaiden (2016) where she was chosen from among 1,500 candidates who auditioned for the role. Park's first impression of Kim reminded him strongly of his first meeting with actress Kang Hye-jung, who had her career breakthrough in Park's film Oldboy (2003).

Jin Seon-kyu as Tiger Park
Jin Seon-kyu was born on September 13, 1977. He is an actor, known for Space Sweepers (2021), The Outlaws (2017) and Extreme Job (2019). He has been married to Park Bo-kyung since 2011. They have two children.

Movie Name: The Super Mario Bros. Movie
Language: English (United States)
Length: 1h 32m
Year: 2023
Ratings: 7.1
Genre: Animation|Adventure|Comedy
Synopsis:A plumber named Mario travels through an underground labyrinth with his brother, Luigi, trying to save a captured princess.

Director: Aaron Horvath
Aaron Horvath was born on 19 August 1980 in California, USA. He is a director and producer, known for The Super Mario Bros. Movie (2023), Teen Titans GO! To the Movies (2018) and Teen Titans Go! (2013). He has been married to Brooke Cadorette since 4 April 2009. They have two children.

Producer:   Nintendo, Universal Pictures, Illumination (company)
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Chris Pratt as Mario
Christopher Michael "Chris" Pratt was born on June 21, 1979 in Virginia, Minnesota and raised in Lake Stevens, Washington, to Kathleen Louise (Indahl), who worked at a supermarket, and Daniel Clifton Pratt, who remodeled houses. He is of mostly Norwegian descent. He graduated from Lake Stevens High School in 1997, and has two older siblings, Cully and Angie.

Anya Taylor-Joy as Princess Peach
Anya-Josephine Marie Taylor-Joy (born 16 April 1996) is a British-American actress. She is best known for her roles as Beth Harmon in The Queen's Gambit (2020), Thomasin in the period horror film The Witch (2015), as Casey Cooke in the horror-thriller Split (2016), and as Lily in the black comedy thriller Thoroughbreds (2017). She has been the recipient of the Cannes Film Festival's Trophée Chopard and was nominated for the BAFTA Rising Star Award.Anya was born in Miami, the youngest of six children. the role. Park's first impression of Kim reminded him strongly of his first meeting with actress Kang Hye-jung, who had her career breakthrough in Park's film Oldboy (2003).

Charlie Day as Luigi
Charles Peckham Day was born in New York City, NY, and raised in Middletown, Rhode Island. His parents are both music teachers - his mother, Mary (Peckham), is a piano teacher, and his father, Dr. Thomas Charles Day, was a professor of music at Salve Regina University in Newport, Rhode Island. Charlie plays both piano and guitar. He has Italian (from his paternal grandfather), Irish, and English ancestry.He attended Merrimack College in Massachusetts, majoring in art history. 

Movie Name: The Matrix
Language: English (United States)
Length: 2h 16m
Year: 1999
Ratings: 8.7
Genre: Action|Sci-Fi
Synopsis:When a beautiful stranger leads computer hacker Neo to a forbidding underworld, he discovers the shocking truth--the life he knows is the elaborate deception of an evil cyber-intelligence.

Director: Lana Wachowski
Lana Wachowski and her sister Lilly Wachowski, also known as the Wachowskis, are the duo behind such ground-breaking movies as The Matrix (1999) and Cloud Atlas (2012). Born to mother Lynne, a nurse, and father Ron, a businessman of Polish descent, Wachowski grew up in Chicago and formed a tight creative relationship with her sister Lilly. After the siblings dropped out of college, they started a construction business and wrote screenplays. Their 1995 script, Assassins (1995), was made into a movie, leading to a Warner Bros contract. After that time, the Wachowskis devoted themselves to their movie careers. In 2012, during interviews for Cloud Atlas and in her acceptance speech for the Human Rights Campaign's Visibility Award, Lana spoke about her experience of being a transgender woman, sacrificing her much cherished anonymity out of a sense of responsibility. Lana is known to be extremely well-read, loves comic books and exploring ideas of imaginary worlds, and was inspired by Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) in creating Cloud Atlas.

Producer:    Silver Pictures, Warner Bros, Groucho II Film Partnership, Village Roadshow Pictures
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Keanu Reeves as Neo
Keanu Charles Reeves, whose first name means "cool breeze over the mountains" in Hawaiian, was born September 2, 1964 in Beirut, Lebanon. He is the son of Patricia Taylor, a showgirl and costume designer, and Samuel Nowlin Reeves, a geologist. Keanu's father was born in Hawaii, of British, Portuguese, Native Hawaiian, and Chinese ancestry, and Keanu's mother is originally from England. After his parents' marriage dissolved, Keanu moved with his mother and younger sister, Kim Reeves, to New York City, then Toronto. Stepfather #1 was Paul Aaron, a stage and film director - he and Patricia divorced within a year, after which she went on to marry (and divorce) rock promoter Robert Miller and hair salon owner Jack Bond. Reeves never reconnected with his biological father. In high school, Reeves was lukewarm toward academics but took a keen interest in ice hockey (as team goalie, he earned the nickname "The Wall") and drama. He eventually dropped out of school to pursue an acting career.

Laurence Fishburne as Morpheus
Critically hailed for his forceful, militant, authoritative figures and one of Hollywood's most talented and versatile performers, Laurence (John) Fishburne III has been the recipient of numerous awards, including a number of NAACP Image honors.

Carrie-Anne Moss as Trinity
Carrie-Anne Moss was born and raised in Vancouver, Canada. At age 20, after studying at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, she moved to Europe to pursue a career in modeling. While in Spain she was cast in the TV show Dark Justice which was produced in Barcelona for its first season and Los Angeles for its second. Once in LA, Carrie-Anne was cast in other series regular opportunities like Matrix (which coincidentally presaged the movie that would later make her famous), and then Aaron Spelling's Models Inc.

Movie Name: Lucy
Language: English (United States)
Length: 1h 29m
Year: 2014
Ratings: 6.4
Genre: Action|Sci-Fi|Thriller
Synopsis:A woman, accidentally caught in a dark deal, turns the tables on her captors and transforms into a merciless warrior evolved beyond human logic.

Director: Luc Besson
Luc Besson spent the first years of his life following his parents, scuba diving instructors, around the world. His early life was entirely aquatic. He already showed amazing creativity as a youth, writing early drafts of The Big Blue (1988) and The Fifth Element (1997), as an adolescent bored in school. He planned on becoming a marine biologist specializing in dolphins until a diving accident at age 17 which rendered him unable to dive any longer. He moved back to Paris, where he was born, and only at age 18 did he first have an urban life or television. He realized that film was a medium in which he could combine all his interests in various arts together, so he began taking odd jobs on various films. He moved to America for three years, then returned to France and formed Les Films de Loups - his own production company, which later changed its name to Les Films de Dauphins. He is now able to dive again.

Producer:   Ciné+, EuropaCorp, Canal+, TF1 Group
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Scarlett Johansson as Lucy
Scarlett Ingrid Johansson was born on November 22, 1984 in Manhattan, New York City, New York. Her mother, Melanie Sloan is from a Jewish family from the Bronx and her father, Karsten Johansson is a Danish-born architect from Copenhagen. She has a sister, Vanessa Johansson, who is also an actress, a brother, Adrian, a twin brother, Hunter Johansson, born three minutes after her, and a paternal half-brother, Christian. Her grandfather was writer Ejner Johansson.

Morgan Freeman as Professor Norman
With an authoritative voice and calm demeanor, this ever popular American actor has grown into one of the most respected figures in modern US cinema. Morgan was born on June 1, 1937 in Memphis, Tennessee, to Mayme Edna (Revere), a teacher, and Morgan Porterfield Freeman, a barber. The young Freeman attended Los Angeles City College before serving several years in the US Air Force as a mechanic between 1955 and 1959. His first dramatic arts exposure was on the stage including appearing in an all-African American production of the exuberant musical Hello, Dolly!.

Choi Min-siks as Mr. Jang
Choi Min-shik first made a name for himself in theater before breaking into the film world with a role in Park Chong-won's acclaimed film 'Our Twisted Hero' (1992). In the mid-nineties he continued to act in theater productions as well as in several TV dramas, including Moon Over Seoul with Han Seok-gyu. 1997 marked his return to motion pictures, with a role as a tough-talking police investigator in Song Neung-han's No. 3 (1997). His biggest role came in 1999, when he was cast in Korea's most successful film ever, Shiri (1999). His portrayal of a North Korean agent garnered him much praise and a Best Actor Award from the 1999 domestic Grand Bell Awards.

Movie Name: The Hunger Games: Catching Fire
Language: English (United States)
Length: 2h 26m
Year: 2013
Ratings: 6.4
Genre: Action|Adventure|Sci-Fi
Synopsis:Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark become targets of the Capitol after their victory in the 74th Hunger Games sparks a rebellion in the Districts of Panem.

Director: Francis Lawrence
Francis Lawrence is an American filmmaker. He started directing over sixty music videos before he directed the cult classic Keanu Reeves film Constantine, I Am Legend and Water for Elephants. He also directed The Hunger Games: Catching Fire, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Parts 1 and 2, and Red Sparrow, which all starred Jennifer Lawrence.

Producer:   Color Force, Lionsgate Films
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Jennifer Lawrence as Katniss Everdeen
As the highest-paid actress in the world in 2015 and 2016, and with her films grossing over $5.5 billion worldwide, Jennifer Lawrence is often cited as the most successful actress of her generation. She is also the first person born in the 1990s to have won an acting Oscar.Jennifer Shrader Lawrence was born August 15, 1990, in Louisville, Kentucky, to Karen (Koch), who manages a children's camp, and Gary Lawrence, who works in construction. 

Josh Hutcherson as Peeta Mellark
Joshua Ryan Hutcherson was born on October 12, 1992 in Union, Kentucky to Michelle Fightmaster, who worked for Delta Air Lines, and Chris Hutcherson, an EPA analyst. He has one younger brother, Connor Hutcherson. From the age of four, Josh knew that he wanted to be an actor. In order to pursue his goal, Josh and his family moved to Los Angeles when he was nine-years-old.In 2002, Josh landed his first acting role in the TV film, House Blend (2002), with Amy Yasbeck, Dan Cortese and Sean Faris. 

Liam Hemsworth asGale Hawthorne
Liam Hemsworth was born on January 13, 1990, in Melbourne, Australia, and is the younger brother of actors Chris Hemsworth and Luke Hemsworth. He is the son of Leonie (van Os), a teacher of English, and Craig Hemsworth, a social-services counselor. He is of Dutch (from his immigrant maternal grandfather), Irish, English, Scottish, and German ancestry. His uncle, by marriage, was Rod Ansell, the bushman who inspired the film Crocodile Dundee (1986).

Movie Name: The King's Man
Language: English (United Kingdom)
Length: 2h 11m
Year: 2021
Ratings: 6.3
Genre: Action|Adventure|Thriller
Synopsis:In the early years of the 20th century, the Kingsman agency is formed to stand against a cabal plotting a war to wipe out millions.

Director: Matthew Vaughn
Matthew Vaughn is an English film producer and director. He is known for producing such films as Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels (1998) and Snatch (2000) and for directing the crime thriller, Layer Cake (2004), the fantasy epic, Stardust (2007), the superhero comedy, Kick-Ass (2010), and the superhero film, X-Men: First Class (2011). Vaughn was educated at Stowe School in Buckingham, England. Taking a gap year between Stowe and university, he traveled the world on a Hard Rock Cafe tour and landed in Los Angeles, U.S. Here, he began working as an assistant to a director. He returned to London, attending University College London where he studied anthropology and ancient history. But the film bug had taken hold. He dropped out of university after a few weeks and returned to Los Angeles to start his career. He quickly realized, however, that everyone in town was trying to do the same thing, so he crossed back over the Atlantic to make a name for himself in England. At 25, he produced a little-seen thriller, The Innocent Sleep (1995), starring Annabella Sciorra and Michael Gambon. Vaughn continued as a producer on close friend Guy Ritchie's film, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels (1998).

Producer:  Cloudy Productions, Marv Studios, 20th Century Studios
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Ralph Fiennes as Orlando Oxford
Actor Ralph Nathaniel Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes was born on December 22, 1962 in Suffolk, England, to Jennifer Anne Mary Alleyne (Lash), a novelist, and Mark Fiennes, a photographer. He is the eldest of six children. Four of his siblings are also in the arts: Martha Fiennes, a director; Magnus Fiennes, a musician; Sophie Fiennes, a producer; and Joseph Fiennes, an actor. He is of English, Irish, and Scottish origin.

Gemma Arterton as Polly
Gemma Christina Arterton was born in Gravesend, Kent, England, where she was raised. She is the daughter of Sally-Anne (Heap), a cleaner, and Barry J. Arterton, a welder. Her mother's cousin is singer-songwriter Eric Goulden.Her parents divorced when she was age five, and Gemma subsequently lived with her younger sister and her mother. Her parents encouraged their children to explore their creative abilities. Gemma's sister, Hannah, liked to sing, whereas Gemma chose acting. 

Rhys Ifans as Grigori Rasputin
Rhys Ifans was born and raised in Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire, Wales, the son of teacher parents, Beti Wyn (Davies) and Eirwyn Evans. He was educated in two Welsh language schools Ysgol Pentrecelyn, where his mother taught, and Ysgol Maes Garmon. During his childhood, Ifans showed an interest in performing and attended youth acting school. He went on to train at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London.


Movie Name:  Maria Leonora Teresa
Language: Filipino
Length: 1h 43m
Year: 2014
Ratings: 6.2
Genre: Drama|Horror|Thriller
Synopsis:After a tragic incident, a psychiatrist offers Faith, Julio, and Stella life-sized dolls to look after to help cope with the loss of their respective daughters: Maria, Leonora, and Teresa. But the toys suddenly turn sinister.

Director: Wenn V. Deramas
Wenn V. Deramas was a director and writer, known for Ang tanging ina mo: Last na 'to! (2010), Mula sa puso (1997) and Female, Male, Gay, Lesbian (2013). He died on 29 February 2016 in Quezon City, Philippines.

Producer:  Star Cinema
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Jodi Sta. Maria as Stella de Castro
Jodi Sta. Maria was born on 16 June 1982 in the Philippines. She is an actress and producer, known for Sisa (2008), The Broken Marriage Vow (2022) and Pangako sa'yo (2015).

Iza Calzado as Faith Pardo
Iza Calzado was born on 12 August 1982 in Quezon City, Philippines. She is an actress and producer, known for The Echo (2004), Bliss (2017) and One True Love (2008).

Zanjoe Marudo as Julio Sacdalan
Zanjoe Marudo was born on 23 July 1982 in Tanauan, Batangas, Philippines. He is an actor, known for Maalaala Mo Kaya (1991), Kristine (2010) and Kimmy Dora: Kambal sa kiyeme (2009).


Movie Name:  Fresh Off the Boat
Language: English (United States)
Length: 22m 
Year: 2015
Ratings: 6.2
Genre: Comedy
Synopsis: A Taiwanese family makes their way in America during the 1990s.

Director: Nahnatchka Khan
Nahnatchka Khan was born on 17 June 1973 in Los Angeles, California, USA. She is a producer and writer, known for Always Be My Maybe (2019), Fresh Off the Boat (2015) and American Dad! (2005). She has been married to Julia Bicknell since November 2019.

Producer:  20th Television, Fierce Baby Productions, The Detective Agency
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Randall Park as Louis Huang
Randall Park is an American actor, comedian, writer, and director. He was born in Los Angeles, California, to Korean parents, and graduated from the Humanities Magnet Program at Hamilton High School. Park went on to receive a Bachelor's degree in English and Creative Writing and a Master's degree in Asian American Studies from UCLA. He lives in Los Angeles with his wife and daughter

Constance Wu as Jessica Huang
Constance Wu was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia. Her mother is a computer programmer and her father is a college professor. Both are immigrants from Taiwan. Constance grew up in Richmond performing in the local community theater scene. At 16, she moved to New York City to study at the famed Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute and she's been busy ever since. While in New York, she worked in classical theater and quickly transitioned to film work. She soon appeared in several Sundance Feature Films including Stephanie Daley (2006) and Year of the Fish (2007). In 2010, she moved to Los Angeles where her theater and film background helped land her a role in another Sundance Feature, Sound of My Voice (2011). In 2014, she was cast as Jessica Huang in the ABC comedy series Fresh Off the Boat (2015), which premiered in 2015. Based on Eddie Huang's memoir, it is set in the 1990s and revolves around a Taiwanese family that moves to suburban Orlando. Wu enjoys long-distance running, camping, piano, and reading. She lives in Silverlake, Los Angeles, with her pet rabbit, Lida Rose.

Hudson Yang as Eddie Huang
Hudson Yang was born on 24 October 2003 in Brooklyn, New York City, New York, USA. He is an actor and producer, known for Fresh Off the Boat (2015), The Sisterhood of Night (2014) and Honor Student (2023).


Movie Name:  The Hows of Us
Language: Filipino
Length: 1h 57m
Year: 2018
Ratings: 6.8
Genre: Comedy|Drama|Romance
Synopsis: A young couple dreams of growing old together as they as they deal with the struggles of being in a long-term relationship.

Director: Cathy Garcia-Molina
Cathy Garcia-Molina is known for Hello, Love, Goodbye (2019), The Hows of Us (2018) and One More Chance (2007). She has been married to Louie Sampana since 2 May 2023. They have two children. She was previously married to Epoy Molina.

Producer: Star Cinema
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Kathryn Bernardo as George
Kathryn Bernardo was born on 26 March 1996 in Cabanatuan City, Nueva Ecija, Philippines. She is an actress, known for The Hows of Us (2018), Hello, Love, Goodbye (2019) and Barcelona: A Love Untold (2016).

Daniel Padilla as Primo
Daniel Padilla was born on 26 April 1995 in Manila, Philippines. He is an actor, known for The Hows of Us (2018), Barcelona: A Love Untold (2016) and Crazy Beautiful You (2015).

Jean Garcia as Baby
Jean Garcia was born on 11 June 1969 in Pampanga, Philippines. She is an actress, known for The Dance of Two Left Feet (2011), Watch Me Kill (2019) and Dyesebel (2008).


Movie Name:  Money Heist
Language: Spanish
Length: 1h 10m
Year: 2017
Ratings: 8.2
Genre: Action|Crime|Drama
Synopsis: An unusual group of robbers attempt to carry out the most perfect robbery in Spanish history - stealing 2.4 billion euros from the Royal Mint of Spain.

Director: Álex Pina
Álex Pina (Pamplona) is a television producer, writer, series creator, scriptwriter and Spanish film director, known recently for his global hit crime drama Money Heist. Previous shows include Vis a Vis (Locked Up), El embarcadero (The Pier), and Los hombres de Paco (Paco's Men).

Producer: Vancouver Media, Atresmedia
Actors (actor, role/character):	

Úrsula Corberó as Tokio
Úrsula Corberó Delgado (born 11 August 1989) is a Spanish actress, best known for her roles as Ruth in the Antena 3 series Physics or Chemistry (2008), Margarita de Austria en Isabel (2011), Esther Salinas in the series La embajada and Tokyo in the television series Money Heist (2017).

Álvaro Morte as El Profesor
Álvaro Morte was born on 23 February 1975 in Algeciras, Cádiz, Spain. He is an actor and producer, known for Money Heist (2017), Mirage (2018) and The Wheel of Time (2021).

Pedro Alonso as Berlín
Pedro Alonso was born in 1972 in Vigo, Pontevedra, Galicia, Spain. He is an actor, known for Money Heist (2017), The Ministry of Time (2015) and Padre Casares (2008).


Movie Name:  Train to Busan
Language: Korean
Length: 1h 58m
Year: 2016
Ratings: 7.6
Genre: Action|Horror|Thriller
Synopsis: While a zombie virus breaks out in South Korea, passengers struggle to survive on the train from Seoul to Busan.

Director: Sang-ho Yeon
Yeon Sang-Ho is a South Korean director, and a screen writer, he was born in Seoul in 1978. He is graduated from Sangmyung University with a degree of Western Painting. He directed few short films as well Megalomania of D in 1997, followed by D-Day in 2000 and The Hell in 2003, then set up his own production house Studio Dadashow in 2004. Yeon Sang Ho known for directing a animated film such as The King of Pigs, The Window, The Fake, and his latest animated film is in 2016 called Seoul Station. Yeon Sang-Ho raise to prominence in 2016 after releasing his first live action movie in Cannes Film Festival 2016, his first live action movie is Train to Busan, that starring Gong Yoo, Jung Yumi, Ma Dong Seok, Choi Woo-shik, Ahn So-hee, and Kim Su-an.

Producer: RedPeter Film, Next Entertainment World
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Gong Yoo as Seok-woo
Gong Yoo graduated with a Bachelor's degree in theater at Kyung Hee University and worked as a model before entering show business as a video jockey with Mnet. Thereafter, he had several supporting roles in various Korean films and dramas before landing his first leading role with Hello My Teacher (2005) in 2005. His breakout role was with The 1st Shop of Coffee Prince (2007), a romantic comedy drama series that was a hit with Korean drama viewers worldwide.

Jung Yu-mi as Seong-kyeong
Yu-mi Jung is a South Korean actress. She is best known for Silenced (2011), and Train to Busan (2016).Jung was born on January 18, 1983 in South Korea. Her filmography also includes the films Family Ties (2006), Chaw (2009), My Dear Desperado (2010), Oki's Movie (2010), and Our Sunhi (2013).For her role in Family Ties she won the Best Supporting Actress at the Blue Dragon Film Awards.

Su-an Kim as Soo-an
Su-an Kim is known for Train to Busan (2016), The Battleship Island (2017) and Along With the Gods: The Two Worlds (2017).

Movie Name:  Men in Black
Language: English (United States)
Length: 1h 38m
Year: 1997
Ratings: 7.3
Genre: Action|Adventure|Comedy
Synopsis: A police officer joins a secret organization that polices and monitors extraterrestrial interactions on Earth.

Director: Barry Sonnenfeld
Barry Sonnenfeld was born and raised in New York City. He graduated from New York University Film School in 1978. He started work as director of photography on the Oscar-nominated In Our Water (1982). Then Joel Coen and Ethan Coen hired him for Blood Simple (1984). This film began his collaboration with the Coen Bros., who used him for their next two pictures, Raising Arizona (1987) and Miller's Crossing (1990). He also worked with Danny DeVito on his Throw Momma from the Train (1987) and Rob Reiner on When Harry Met Sally... (1989) and Misery (1990). Sonnenfeld got his first work as a director from Orion Pictures on The Addams Family (1991), a box-office success released in November 1991 followed by its sequel, Addams Family Values (1993).

Producer: Columbia Pictures
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Tommy Lee Jones as Kay
Tommy Lee Jones was born in San Saba, Texas, the son of Lucille Marie (Scott), a police officer and beauty shop owner, and Clyde C. Jones, who worked on oil fields. Tommy himself worked in underwater construction and on an oil rig. He attended St. Mark's School of Texas, a prestigious prep school for boys in Dallas, on a scholarship, and went to Harvard on another scholarship. He roomed with future Vice President Al Gore and played offensive guard in the famous 29-29 Harvard-Yale football game of '68 known as "The Tie." He received a B.A. in English literature and graduated cum laude from Harvard in 1969.

Will Smith as Jay
Willard Carroll "Will" Smith II (born September 25, 1968) is an American actor, comedian, producer, rapper, and songwriter. He has enjoyed success in television, film, and music. In April 2007, Newsweek called him "the most powerful actor in Hollywood". Smith has been nominated for five Golden Globe Awards, two Academy Awards, and has won four Grammy Awards.

Linda Fiorentino as Laurel
Linda Fiorentino born March 9, 1958 is an American actress. She has starred in the films Vision Quest (1985), Gotcha! (1985), After Hours (1985), Jade (1995), Men in Black (1997) and Dogma (1999). For her performance in The Last Seduction (1994), she won the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actress, the London Film Critics' Circle Award for Actress of the Year, and was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role.


Movie Name:  Ocean's Eight
Language: English (United States)
Length: 1h 50m
Year: 2018
Ratings: 6.3
Genre: Action|Comedy|Crime
Synopsis: Debbie Ocean gathers an all-female crew to attempt an impossible heist at New York City's annual Met Gala.

Director: Gary Ross(I)
Gary Ross is an American writer, director and actor born November 3rd, 1956 in Los Angeles, California. His father was screenwriter Arthur A. Ross (1920 - 2008). After writing for television series The Hitchhiker (1983) in 1986, Ross broke through by penning the Tom Hanks hit Big (1988), his first screenplay to be made into a feature film. Ross followed up the success of Big (1988) with a series of notable screenwriting credits including Mr. Baseball (1992), Dave (1993), Pleasantville (1998) and Seabiscuit (2003). 1998's Pleasantville (1998) also marked Ross's directorial debut, after which he went on to direct Seabiscuit (2003) and The Hunger Games (2012), which he adapted for the screen alongside Hunger Games novelist Suzanne Collins. Ross has been nominated for four Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Adapted Screenplay nods for Seabiscuit (2003), which received a total of seven Academy Awards nominations but no wins.

Producer: Warner Bros
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Sandra Bullock as Debbie Ocean
Sandra Annette Bullock was born in Arlington, a Virginia suburb of Washington, D.C. Her mother, Helga Bullock (née Helga Mathilde Meyer), was a German opera singer. Her father, John W. Bullock, was an American voice teacher, who was born in Alabama, of German descent. Sandra grew up on the road with her parents and younger sister, chef Gesine Bullock-Prado, and spent much of her childhood in Nuremberg, Germany. She often performed in the children's chorus of whatever production her mother was in. That singing talent later came in handy for her role as an aspiring country singer in The Thing Called Love (1993). Her family moved back to the Washington area when she was adolescent. She later enrolled in East Carolina University in North Carolina, where she studied acting. 

Cate Blanchett as Lou
Cate Blanchett was born on May 14, 1969 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, to June (Gamble), an Australian teacher and property developer, and Robert DeWitt Blanchett, Jr., an American advertising executive, originally from Texas. She has an older brother and a younger sister. When she was ten years old, her 40-year-old father died of a sudden heart attack. Her mother never remarried, and her grandmother moved in to help her mother.


Anne Hathaway as Daphne Kluger
Anne Jacqueline Hathaway was born in Brooklyn, New York, to Kate McCauley Hathaway, an actress, and Gerald T. Hathaway, a lawyer, both originally from Philadelphia. She is of mostly Irish descent, along with English, German, and French. Her first major role came in the short-lived television series Get Real (1999). She gained widespread recognition for her roles in The Princess Diaries (2001) and its 2004 sequel as a young girl who discovers she is a member of royalty, opposite Julie Andrews and Heather Matarazzo.







Movie Name:  House of the Dragon
Language: English (United States)
Length: 1h 47m
Year: 2022
Ratings: 8.5
Genre: Action | Adventure | Drama
Synopsis: An internal succession war within House Targaryen at the height of its power, 172 years before the birth of Daenerys Targaryen.

Director: Ryan J. Condalv
Ryan J. Condal is known for House of the Dragon (2022), Rampage (2018) and Colony (2016).

Producer: Warner Bros
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Matt Smith as Prince Daemon Targaryen
Matt Smith is an English actor who shot to fame in the UK aged 26 when he was cast by producer Steven Moffat as the Eleventh Doctor in the BBC's iconic science-fiction adventure series Doctor Who (2005).

Emma D’arcy as Queen Rhaenyra Targaryen
British actor born in London. Emma D'Arcy is an actor and theatre-maker. Emma studied at the Ruskin School of Art. They are also the Joint Artistic Director of the Forward Arena Theatre Company. Their performance on stage in Christopher Shinn's 'Against' alongside actor Ben Whishaw was described as "exceedingly likeable and sensitive"

Olivia Cooke as Queen Alicent Hightower
Olivia Cooke was born and raised in Oldham, a former textile manufacturing town in Greater Manchester, North West England. She comes from a family of non-actors; her father, John, is a retired police officer, and her mother is a sales representative. Cooke attended Royton and Crompton Secondary School and studied drama at Oldham Sixth Form College, leaving before the end of her A-levels to star in Blackout.











Movie Name:  Extraction II
Language: English (United States)
Length: 2h 2m
Year: 2023
Ratings: 7.1
Genre: Action | Thriller
Synopsis: After barely surviving his grievous wounds from his mission in Dhaka, Bangladesh, Tyler Rake is back, and his team is ready to take on their next mission.

Director: Sam Hargrave
Sam Hargrave is known for Extraction (2020), Avengers: Endgame (2019) and Atomic Blonde (2017).

Producer: Wild State AGBO T.G.I.M. Films
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Chris Hemsworth as Tyler Rake
Christopher "Chris" Hemsworth was born on August 11, 1983 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia to Leonie Hemsworth (née van Os), an English teacher & Craig Hemsworth, a social-services counselor. His brothers are actors, Liam Hemsworth & Luke Hemsworth; he is of Dutch (from his immigrant maternal grandfather), Irish, English, Scottish, and German ancestry. His uncle, by marriage, was Rod Ansell, the bushman who inspired the comedy film Crocodile Dundee (1986).

Golshifteh Farahani as Nik Khan
Golshifteh started her acting career in theater at the age of 6 and has always kept a strong link with theater, but it was at the age of 14 that she acted in her first film The Pear Tree (1998), for which she won the prize for the Best Actress from the international section of the Fajr film festival, immediately making her one of the stars of Iranian cinema. Since then she has played in more than 15 films, many of which have been screened or awarded at international festivals.

Adam Bessa as Queen Yaz Khan
Adam Bessa was born in 1991 in Grasse, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France. He is an actor, known for Extraction (2020), Mosul (2019) and The Blessed (2017).










Movie Name:  The Mother
Language: English (United States)
Length: 1h 55m
Year: 2023
Ratings: 5.6
Genre: Action | Thriller
Synopsis: While fleeing from dangerous assailants, an assassin comes out of hiding to protect the daughter she left earlier in life.

Director: Niki Caro
Niki Caro (born 1967) is an award winning film director, producer and screenwriter who was born in Wellington, New Zealand. Her most significant film to date is Whale Rider from 2002. It was critically praised and won a number of awards at international film festivals. She went on to direct Charlize Theron in an Oscar-nominated performance in North Country.

Producer: Nuyorican Productions
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Jennifer Lopez as The Mother
Jennifer Lynn Lopez was born on July 24, 1969 in The Bronx, New York City, New York to teacher Lupe López and computer specialist David López. The two Puerto Ricans were brought to the continental United States during their childhoods and eventually met while living in New York City. Their daughters would have a stable, middle-class upbringing.

Lucy Paez as Zoe
Lucy Paez is a rising star, who can be seen as the young lead opposite Jennifer Lopez in Niki Caro's THE MOTHER, which was the largest opening for a Netflix original movie in 2023. Despite being only 14 years old, Lucy had already appeared on screen in Lorena Villarreal's SILENCIO and Rodrigo Fiallega's THE EXORCISM OF CARMEN FARIAS. She was born in Mexico and has since moved to Texas.

Omari Latif Hardwick as Queen Yaz Khan
Omari Latif Hardwick was born in Savannah, Georgia, to Joyce (Johnson) and Clifford Hardwick III, and grew up in Decatur, GA. His parents gave him a name to set a precedent, "Omari" meaning "most high," and "Latif" meaning "gentle." He shares, "I in no way believe that I am the highest or most high, but I feel like my name gives me something to strive for." Growing up, sports were Hardwick's world, but early on he knew he had a passion for the arts.







Movie Name:  Assasin’s Creed
Language: English (United States)
Length: 1h 55m
Year: 2016
Ratings: 5.6
Genre: Action | Adventure| Sci-fi
Synopsis: Callum Lynch explores the memories of his ancestor Aguilar de Nerha and gains the skills of a Master Assassin, before taking on the secret Templar society.

Director: Justin Kurzel
Known for his bold career growth, Australian director Justin Kurzel, who, after the striking debut feature The Snowtown Murders (2011), which conquered hearts of people on many festivals, has chosen a Shakespearean adaptation (Macbeth (2015)) starring famous international film actors Michael Fassbender and Marion Cotillard in the main roles as his second film, then was taking even more bold choice to take on blockbuster project, a screen adaptation of Assassin's Creed (2016) videogame, as only third of his features.

Producer: Ubisoft Montreal
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Michael Fassbender as Cal Lynch
Fassbender is based in London, England, and became known in the U.S. after his role in the Quentin Tarantino's Inglourious Basterds (2009). In 2011, Fassbender debuted as the Marvel antihero Magneto in the prequel X-Men: First Class (2011); he would go on to share the role with Ian McKellen in X-Men: Days of Future Past (2014). Also in 2011, Fassbender's performance as a sex addict in Shame (2011) received critical acclaim.

Marion Cotiliard as Sofia
Academy Award-winning actress Marion Cotillard was born on September 30, 1975 in Paris. Cotillard is the daughter of Jean-Claude Cotillard, an actor, playwright and director, and Niseema Theillaud, an actress and drama teacher. Her father's family is from Brittany.

Jeremy Irons as Rikkin
British actor Jeremy Irons was born in Cowes, Isle of Wight, a small island off the south coast of England. He is the son of Barbara Anne Brereton (Sharpe) and Paul Dugan Irons, an accountant. Young Jeremy didn't prove very fond of figures. He visited mainland England only once a year. He wound up being grounded when his family settled down in Hertfordshire. At the age of 13 he enrolled in Sherborne School, Dorset, where he could practice his favorite sport, horse-riding. Before becoming an actor, he had considered a veterinarian surgeon's career.





Movie Name: Boss Baby
Language: English (United States)
Length: 1h 37m
Year: 2017
Ratings: 6.3
Genre: Animation|Adventure|Comedy
Synopsis: A suit-wearing, briefcase-carrying baby pairs up with his 7-year old brother to stop the dastardly plot of the CEO of Puppy Co.

Director: Tom McGrath
Academy Award nominee Tom McGrath has been working in the entertainment industry for more than 30 years. McGrath directed the Academy Award and Golden Globe nominated film The Boss Baby, and its sequel, The Boss Baby: Family Business, his sixth film as director for a DreamWorks Animation title, the most of any director at the studio. His films have grossed over $2.7 billion dollars at the worldwide box office.

Producer: DreamWorks Animation
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Alec Baldwin as Boss Baby
Alec Baldwin burst onto the TV scene in the early 1980s with appearances on several series, including The Doctors (1963) and Knots Landing (1979), before scoring feature film roles in Forever, Lulu (1986), Beetlejuice (1988), Working Girl (1988), Married to the Mob (1988) and Talk Radio (1988). In 1990, Baldwin appeared in the first on-screen adaptation of the "Jack Ryan" character created by mega-selling espionage author, Tom Clancy. The film, The Hunt for Red October (1990), was a box office and critical success, with Baldwin appearing alongside icy Sean Connery. Unfortunately, Baldwin fell out with Paramount Studios over future scripts for "Jack Ryan", and subsequent Ryan roles went to Harrison Ford.

Steve Buscemi as Francis Francis
Steve Buscemi was born in Brooklyn, New York, to Dorothy (Wilson), a restaurant hostess, and John Buscemi, a sanitation worker. He is of Italian (father) and English, Dutch, and Irish (mother) descent. He became interested in acting during his last year of high school. After graduating, he moved to Manhattan to study acting with John Strasberg. He began writing and performing original theatre pieces with fellow actor/writer Mark Boone Junior.

Miles Bakshi as Tim
Miles Bakshi was born on 19 December 2002 in Los Angeles, California, USA. He is an actor, known for The Boss Baby (2017), Shrek Forever After (2010) and Shrek the Halls (2007).





Movie Name: PAW PATROL
Language: English (United States)
Length: 1h 26m
Year: 2017
Ratings: 6.1
Genre: Animation|Action|Adventure
Synopsis: Ryder and the pups are called to Adventure City to stop Mayor Humdinger from turning the bustling metropolis into a state of chaos.

Director: Cal Brunker
Cal Brunker was born on 16 November 1978 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. He is a director and writer, known for PAW Patrol: The Movie (2021), Escape from Planet Earth (2012) and Son of Bigfoot (2017).

Producer: Spin Master Entertainment
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Tyler Perry as Gus
Perry was born and raised in New Orleans, to Willie Maxine (Campbell) and Emmitt Perry, Sr. His mother was a church-goer and took Perry along with her once a week. His father was a carpenter and they had a very strained and abusive relationship, which led Perry to suffer from depression as a teenager.In 1991, he was working an office job, when he saw an episode of The Oprah Winfrey Show (1986) discussing the therapeutic nature of writing.

Will Brisbin as Ryder
Will Brisbin is known for PAW Patrol: The Movie (2021), Forbidden Playground (2016) and Abducted (2021).

Iain Armitage as Chase
Iain Armitage is an American child actor. He is best known for Young Sheldon (a prequel to the sitcom The Big Bang Theory) and the HBO miniseries Big Little Lies.He also appeared in the films The Glass Castle (2017) and Our Souls at Night (2017).His acting debut was in an episode of Law & Order: Special Victims Unit.



Movie Name: Abduction
Language: English (United States)
Length: 1h 48m
Year: 2011
Ratings: 5.1
Genre: Action|Mystery|Thriller
Synopsis: A young man sets out to uncover the truth about his life after finding his baby photo on a missing persons website.

Director: John Singleton
Son of Danny Singleton, a mortgage broker, and Sheila Ward, a pharmaceutical company sales executive, and raised in separate households by his unmarried parents, John Singleton attended the Film Writing Program at USC, after graduating from high school in 1986. While studying there, he won three writing awards from the university, which led to a contract with Creative Artists Agency during his sophomore year. Columbia Pictures bought his script for Boyz n the Hood (1991) and budgeted it at $7 million. Singleton noted that much of the story comes from his own experiences in South Central LA and credited his parents with keeping him off the street.

Producer: Spin Master Entertainment
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Taylor Lautner as Nathan
Taylor has continued to portray Jacob Black in the following film adaptations of the The Twilight Saga as well as branch out into other roles and films such as the star studded romantic comedy, Valentine's Day (2010), and the action-packed thriller, Abduction (2011). Taylor Lautner has quickly become one of the most famous, talented, and successful young Hollywood actors thanks to the blockbuster success of the Twilight (2008) films. It has quickly been established by this young man's diverse and gifted talent that we will continue to be his audience for many years to come.

Lily Collins as Karen
After some early television appearances as a presenter/reporter (for instance, covering the 2008 US Presidential campaign as a host on the Nickelodeon show, Kids Pick the President (2000)), she made a couple of appearances on 90210 (2008) in 2009. She co-starred as the daughter of Tim McGraw and Sandra Bullock's characters in the massive box office hit The Blind Side (2009). More dramatic roles followed, and she came to worldwide attention when she played the starring role in Mirror Mirror (2012), following it up by headlining The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones (2013) and Love, Rosie (2014).

Alfred Molina as Bulton
His stage work includes two major Royal National Theatre productions, Tennessee Williams' "The Night of the Iguana" (as Shannon) and David Mamet's "Speed the Plow" (as Fox), plus a splendid performance in Yasmina Reza's "Art" (his Broadway debut), for which he received a Tony Award nomination in 1998. He made his film debut in Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981) and got a good part in Letter to Brezhnev (1985) (as a Soviet sailor who spends a night in Liverpool), but his movie breakthrough came two years later when he played--superbly--Kenneth Halliwell, the tragic lover of playwright Joe Orton, in Stephen Frears' Prick Up Your Ears (1987). He was also outstanding in Enchanted April (1991), The Perez Family (1995) (as a Cuban immigrant), Anna Karenina (1997) (as Levin) and Chocolat (2000) (as the narrow-minded mayor of a small French town circa 1950s, who tries to shut down a chocolate shop).
Movie Name: PAW PATROL
Language: English (United States)
Length: 1h 26m
Year: 2017
Ratings: 6.1
Genre: Animation|Action|Adventure
Synopsis: Ryder and the pups are called to Adventure City to stop Mayor Humdinger from turning the bustling metropolis into a state of chaos.

Director: Cal Brunker
Cal Brunker was born on 16 November 1978 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. He is a director and writer, known for PAW Patrol: The Movie (2021), Escape from Planet Earth (2012) and Son of Bigfoot (2017).

Producer: Spin Master Entertainment
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Tyler Perry as Gus
Perry was born and raised in New Orleans, to Willie Maxine (Campbell) and Emmitt Perry, Sr. His mother was a church-goer and took Perry along with her once a week. His father was a carpenter and they had a very strained and abusive relationship, which led Perry to suffer from depression as a teenager.In 1991, he was working an office job, when he saw an episode of The Oprah Winfrey Show (1986) discussing the therapeutic nature of writing.

Will Brisbin as Ryder
Will Brisbin is known for PAW Patrol: The Movie (2021), Forbidden Playground (2016) and Abducted (2021).

Iain Armitage as Chase
Iain Armitage is an American child actor. He is best known for Young Sheldon (a prequel to the sitcom The Big Bang Theory) and the HBO miniseries Big Little Lies.He also appeared in the films The Glass Castle (2017) and Our Souls at Night (2017).His acting debut was in an episode of Law & Order: Special Victims Unit.



Movie Name: Angry Birds
Language: English (United States)
Length: 1h 37m
Year: 2016
Ratings: 6.3
Genre: Animation|Action|Adventure|
Synopsis: When an island populated by happy, flightless birds is visited by mysterious green piggies, it's up to three unlikely outcasts - Red, Chuck and Bomb - to figure out what the pigs are up to.

Director: Clay Kaytis
Clay Kaytis made his directing debut for Rovio Animation and Sony Pictures with The Angry Birds Movie (2016). Based on the number-one app of all time, the film grossed $352M worldwide and was Sony's #1 film of 2016. He followed this with The Christmas Chronicles (2018), which was Kaytis' first live-action film. The Kurt Russell starrer was viewed over 20 million times in its first week of release on Netflix.

Producer: Columbia
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Jason Sudeikis as RED
Jason Sudeikis was born on September 18, 1975 in Fairfax, Virginia as Daniel Jason Sudeikis. His father is Daniel Joseph Sudeikis, a Vice President of a business development and his mother is Kathryn (née Wendt), a travel agent at Brennco and President of the American Society of Travel Agents. He is of Lithuanian, Irish and German ancestry. He has two younger sisters, Lindsay, a high school teacher and basketball coach, and, Kristen Sudeikis, an actress and dancer in New York City.

Josh Gad as Chuck
Josh Gad is an American actor and singer who is well-known for voicing Olaf the Snowman in Disney's Frozen franchise. He was also in Beauty and the Beast as LeFou, Ghostbusters: Afterlife as Muncher, The Wedding Ringer, Ice Age: Continental Drift, Pixels, The Internship, The Rocker, 21 and The Angry Birds Movie 1 and 2.

Danny Mcbride as Bomb
Daniel Richard McBride is an American actor, comedian, producer, and writer. He starred in the HBO television series Eastbound & Down, Vice Principals, and The Righteous Gemstones, also co-creating the former two with frequent collaborator Jody Hill while creating the latter himself. He has appeared in films such as The Foot Fist Way (2006), Hot Rod (2007), Pineapple Express (2008), Tropic Thunder (2008), Up in the Air (2009), Your Highness (2011), This Is the End (2013), and Alien: Covenant (2017).


Movie Name: Angry Birds
Language: English (United States)
Length: 2h 33m
Year: 2013
Ratings: 8.1
Genre: Animation|Action|Adventure|
Synopsis: When Keller Dover's daughter and her friend go missing, he takes matters into his own hands as the police pursue multiple leads and the pressure mounts.

Director: Denis Villeneuve
Denis Villeneuve is a French Canadian film director and writer. He was born in 1967, in Trois-Rivières, Québec, Canada. He started his career as a filmmaker at the National Film Board of Canada. He is best known for his feature films Arrival (2016), Sicario (2015), Prisoners (2013), Enemy (2013), and Incendies (2010). He is married to Tanya Lapointe.

Producer: Madhouse Entertainment
Actors (actor, role/character):	 

Hugh Michael Jackman as Kelly Dover
Hugh Michael Jackman is an Australian actor, singer, multi-instrumentalist, dancer and producer. Jackman has won international recognition for his roles in major films, notably as superhero, period, and romance characters. He is best known for his long-running role as Wolverine in the X-Men film series, as well as for his lead roles in the romantic-comedy fantasy Kate & Leopold (2001), the action-horror film Van Helsing (2004), the drama The Prestige and The Fountain (2006), the epic historical romantic drama Australia (2008), the film version of Les Misérables (2012), and the thriller Prisoners (2013). His work in Les Misérables earned him his first Academy Award nomination for Best Actor and his first Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Motion Picture Musical or Comedy in 2013. In Broadway theatre, Jackman won a Tony Award for his role in The Boy from Oz. A four-time host of the Tony Awards themselves, he won an Emmy Award for one of these appearances. Jackman also hosted the 81st Academy Awards on 22 February 2009.

Jake Gyllenhaal as Detective Loki
Jake Gyllenhaal was born on December 19, 1980 in Los Angeles, California as Jacob Benjamin Gyllenhaal, the son of producer/screenwriter Naomi Foner and director Stephen Gyllenhaal, and the younger brother of actress Maggie Gyllenhaal. He is of Ashkenazi Jewish (mother) and Swedish, English, and German (father) descent.He made his movie debut at 11 in City Slickers (1991).

Viola Davis as Nancy Birch
Viola Davis is a critically revered actress of film, television, and theater and has won rave reviews for her multitude of substantial and intriguingly diverse roles. Audiences across the United States and internationally have admired her for her work- including her celebrated, Oscar-nominated performances in The Help (2011), Doubt (2008), and her Oscar winning performance in Fences (2016). In 2015, Davis won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series for her work in ABC's How To Get Away With Murder, making her the first black woman in history to take home the award. In addition to acting, Viola currently produces alongside her husband and producing partner, Julius Tennon, through their JuVee Productions banner. Together they have produced award-garnering productions across theater, television, and film.


